[Mukaido] Aya! Nanaka!
[angels swooshing]
This is the place.
[Nasse] It's a theme park.
[Mukaido] Where are they?
Aya! Nanaka!
Metropoliman, I came
just like you wanted.
Show me my family!
[weapon clangs]
[blade clangs]
[Hajime] Huh.
[Mirai] It's the guy
from outside your house.
[Mukaido gasps]
[Mukaido] Aya,
Nanaka! They're alive!
Aya, Nanaka! I'm up here!
[fist banging]
It's a one-way mirror.
I'm coming to save you!
[gasps] Don't go in
there, Mr. Mukaido!
[weapon clangs]
He went in.
[Hajime laughs]
Hilarious, oh, I
can't believe it!
He walked right in.
Hostages certainly
are effective.
But now that he's in
there, he can't get out.
This box has proven to be
the ultimate God candidate
capturing attraction.
How amusing!
[Mirai] This guy's
connected to Metropoliman?
Well, he would've killed him
if he was a God candidate,
which means he's likely
he's an ordinary human
who's been shot
with a red arrow.
So, my red arrow probably
won't have any effect on him.
But I still have to try.
[Mukaido] Aya, Nanaka!
Are you all right?
Tell me, are you in love
with any man other
than me right now?
[Aya] Why would you ask
me that at this moment?
[Mukaido] Answer the question.
I only love you.
[Mukaido] Good, you haven't
been shot with a red arrow.
Why is he trying to find
out if she loves him?
I don't even
understand the word.
Love, love. What is that?
It's weird.
[Mirai] Hey!
Huh?
[arrow whooshes]
White arrow?
[gasps] Mirai's finally
using all his resources.
[opening theme music]
[Mirai] Release them
right now or I'll shoot!
I, I thought you were a coward
who couldn't fire that arrow.
[Hajime sighs]
[arrow swooshes]
[wings rustle]
That was too close!
[arrow swooshes]
[Baret] That was a good move.
You're right.
By letting him see the
white arrow before he fired,
he knew he'd be
able to escape it.
Technically, though, he
did fire his white arrow.
He finally did it!
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido!
Can you hear me?
[Mukaido] Yeah, but just barely.
[Mirai] We don't know
where the enemy's hiding,
so we can't defend
ourselves if they attack.
It's an overwhelming
disadvantage!
[guns banging]
[Mukaido] No surprise.
[gasps] Where did
you get those guns?
Nanato, hey, what in
the world is going on?
I'm scared.
[Mukaido] I'm sorry you
got dragged into this.
Even if we find a
way out of here,
I can't carry them both
while flying. Damn it!
At this rate, I'll end
up being a useless father
and a useless God candidate.
[Kanade] Hajime,
listen to me carefully.
In ten seconds time, get
your angel to follow you
and make itself seen 20
meters up in the air,
20 meters north of the house.
[Hajime] Yes sir. Understood.
Um, Mr. Poliman?
What is it?
[Hajime] I lured him into
the box like you said.
Now will you make
me your servant?
[sighs] You did good
and I'm going to
reward you for it.
[angels whoosh]
[Mirai] An angel! He
is a God candidate.
Watch out!
[angels whoosh]
[Mirai] Metropoliman.
Mr. Poliman's finally made
an appearance. [laughs]
Thank you for blessing me, sir.
[Mirai] Even though
he's a God candidate,
Metropoliman shot
him with a red arrow
instead of killing him.
[Metropoliman] Listen buddy.
This was over the moment
Mukaido entered that box.
How do you want to play this?
Do you want him to know
what's about to happen
or should I just shoot him?
[Mukaido] What's
going on out there?
[Mirai] If Mr. Mukaido gets hit
with a white arrow, it's over.
[Metropoliman] Get
out of here, kid.
You don't stand a
chance against us.
You don't actually
intend to fight, do you?
It's two against one.
The luck you enjoyed
last time won't be enough
to save you in this situation.
I just said you can skip out.
You'll be able to prolong
your life if you go.
[Mirai] I don't--
[Metropoliman] Don't what?
[Mirai] I don't
want anyone to die.
I won't let that happen.
[tense music]
[Hajime gasps]
He went inside.
[Mirai] Mr. Mukaido,
grab your wife
and fly around inside this box,
faster than the eye can see.
I'll do the same with your girl.
[Mukaido] Why inside?
[Mirai] So you can live.
It's the only way all four of us
can avoid being killed, hurry!
[Mirai and Mukaido swooshing]
[Hajime] I can't
see them anymore.
[Metropoliman] They're
dead for sure now.
All we have to do is wait for
them to wear themselves out.
They really are idiots.
So, why would Mukaido
do such a thing?
Out of love for his family.
[gasps] Love for
family? I don't...
What's he mean,
love for his family?
I don't understand!
It's so irritating for
some reason! [sobs]
I mustn't lose my composure
in Mr. Poliman's presence.
[Metropoliman] Didn't
you say my death
would please you greatly?
And, something about
your partner killing me?
Well, now it's only
a matter of time
before that partner
of yours dies.
I find that very amusing.
What's wrong?
I know angels can't
interfere directly,
but are you incapable of even
speaking today? [snickers]
Alright, Hajime, ping me
when they finally stop moving
and I'll come finish them
off with white arrows.
What? You mean, you're leaving?
[Metropoliman] Of course.
There's no need for me to stick
around until they collapse.
Plus, I get nervous
being this close to you.
You mean, you think I'd
shoot you with an arrow?
[Metropoliman] One must
consider every possibility.
I make it a habit
not to hang around
with other God candidates.
[Hajime] Ah, right as
always, Mr. Poliman.
[Metropoliman] Okay,
don't disappoint me.
[Mukaido and Mirai swooshing]
[Mukaido] Do you have
a plan of some kind?
[Mirai] No, I don't.
[Mukaido] What? You don't?
[Mirai] Staying alive is
the most important thing.
If we're dead, we can't
come up with any plans,
including an escape strategy.
[Mukaido] Well,
you're not wrong.
But to tell you the truth,
I'm not sure how much
longer I can keep this up.
[Mirai] Then we'd better
come up with something fast,
while we can still do it.
[weapon clanging]
How long can they last?
This kid acts impulsively.
He could've saved himself if
he hadn't tried to be a hero.
[weapon clanging]
[Mirai] How long
has it been now?
I can't tell how
much time has passed.
We can't just keep
flying forever.
We have to stop eventually.
What should we do?
Is there some way we can escape?
[Nanaka whimpers]
[sighs] It's okay,
don't be scared.
Huh, there is one possibility.
Mr. Mukaido! There might
be a way to escape.
[upbeat music]
[gasps] Mr. Poliman, I
just heard one of them say
there might be a way to escape.
Remain calm.
There's no way they
can get out of there.
[Mirai] I'm gonna
tell you what it is.
[Mukaido] Wait, they're
probably listening
to this conversation.
[Mirai] If that's true,
then Metropoliman will be able
to block every move we make.
So first, let's leave this box,
so he can't hear us anymore.
That includes your wife
and Nanaka, as well.
[Mukaido] I see.
Alright, let's go outside.
[Mirai] I'm right behind you!
[Mukaido and Mirai swooshing]
This strategy could
be interesting.
The only way they can truly know
if all the captives
are still inside,
is by seeing what we,
their angels, do next.
Did, did they really escape?
I can't tell. They
don't seem to have left.
[chuckles] They're
just keeping quiet
and pretending they all got out.
What a childish strategy.
Oh, I see what you mean now.
That desperate act was
just about the only
option they had left.
Exactly right. Listen to me.
No matter what happens,
until we kill them
don't attempt to do
anything to confirm
if they're all still inside.
All you have to do
is not open the box.
Yes, sir.
[electricity humming]
[floodlights clank]
Hey, excuse me, Mr. Poliman.
[Metropoliman] What is it?
It's been half a day
since they went inside.
I wanted to check
with you to make sure
they really are in there, right?
[Metropoliman] You're starting
to fall for their game.
This is just what
they want us to think.
Um, I'm sorry!
I really shouldn't have
bothered you with this.
[eerie music]
Huh? Hm.
Uh, oh no. Mr. Poliman?
[Metropoliman] Now what?
[Hajime] I don't see
their angels anymore.
What does that mean?
[Metropoliman] They're
sending a phony message
that they're not inside.
Their angels are trying to
make us believe it, as well.
Yes, of course.
I just thought I should
at least report it.
[Baret] No reaction from Balta.
It's unclear what he's thinking.
Yeah, I see what you mean.
He doesn't seem to
care that we've moved.
We're both right here
and he's not trying to find us.
[Hajime] [groans] Mr. Poliman?
[Metropoliman] Again?
What is it now?
The box is sealed.
It must be hot in there.
They've been flying around
in there this whole time
without drinking
a drop of water.
I mean, it's very
impressive, don't you think?
They know they'll die
if they stop moving.
They're desperate.
I'm gonna go lie
down for a while.
Only contact me if
they stop moving,
or if there's some other
change in the situation.
You got that?
[Hajime] Yes, sir!
This guy, Hajime, he's
proven rather useless.
Just like I expected.
[Revel gasping]
My head's about to explode.
[ball clatters]
[Revel sighs]
Saki, have you been
up all night waiting?
They haven't come back yet.
Mr. Mukaido and his
family and Mirai.
You think they're
still alive, right?
If they are, I'm sure they're
fighting for their
lives right now
and I'm no help.
I can help!
[Mukaido] You can't
fight without wings!
There's nothing I
can do to help them.
We'll change that,
Saki, you and I.
I'll become a first-rank angel.
I know how hard you're trying
and thank you for that.
But either way, I'm
gonna go see them.
Saki.
I'll fight even if
I don't have wings.
You can't, Saki!
You're doing that
same thing again.
You've lost confidence
because you feel powerless.
You're about to make
a terrible mistake.
Yes, but if I do nothing...
I know what you mean,
I'm in the same boat.
If I could become first-rank
I could give you those wings.
I could give you the
hope you're missing.
But I can't because
I'm so powerless.
[ball clatters]
Revel.
[Revel] I'm sorry, Saki.
I want to help you so much.
Um, Revel?
--Look at your tears.
--[Revel gasps]
What? That's odd.
Angels don't cry like this.
According to all the Celestial
Tomes, only humans do.
Only humans can cry for others.
Huh? What is this?
[Mukaido] Damn, my
vision's gone blurry
and I'm drifting in and
out of consciousness.
[groans] So, this is the end.
Without some kind of
miracle, we're finished.
Aya, Nanaka.
I'm sorry.
It's ironic, I ended
up in this situation
because I clung to an angel.
But in the face of death,
I still turn to God.
What, Revel?
[God] Revel.
Yes, God?
[God] I see you have shed tears.
[Revel] It's true, I have.
And now that I've done so,
I'm no longer fit
to be an angel.
[God] This is truly
unprecedented.
No angel has managed
this feat before.
You are the first angel to
ever shed tears for a human
and it has transformed you.
You have become an angel who
understands human emotions
and is able to
empathize with them.
[Revel] Human emotions?
[God] You are now
a first-rank angel.
You shall henceforth be known as
Revel, the Angel of Emotion.
The Angel of Emotion?
I've been promoted!
Here, Saki! Take these!
[uplifting music]
[gasps] Revel!
Saki, let's go.
Your two friends need help.
Yeah!
--[Nasse gasps]
--[Saki whooshes]
[Nasse] Saki!
Revel, you pulled it off!
[Revel laughing]
[Saki] What's the
situation, Baret?
Not sure.
Well, hello.
It looks like everyone's
made an appearance.
Balta!
Revel, you've been
promoted to first-rank.
Congratulations.
He's always so unpleasant.
You're the Angel of
Intuition, Balta.
What do you intend to do?
I'll have to check my
intuition and then decide.
That intuition says this.
The new arrival is
a critical link.
In fact, she's the
key to everything.
[everyone gasps]
[Saki] What does that mean?
You should take care of business
and do what you came here for.
[Saki] Then I better...
[arrow zings]
Saki, Metropoliman's probably
shot him with a red arrow.
You'd be giving yourself away.
It's okay, Saki.
You should go ahead
and shoot him.
Just be mindful of the cameras
Metropoliman has set up.
[Saki sighs]
They must still be in there
invisibly flying around.
Such desperation.
[Saki] Camera director app, on.
[visor clicks]
Huh. I wonder what happens next.
[Saki] Three cameras,
distance 29.2 meters.
[Hajime] Is it because of
their love for their families?
[Saki] I'm in a blind
spot here, I'm okay.
[Hajime] These people
are so irritating!
Show yourselves!
[red arrow whooshes]
[Hajime gasps]
[Saki] I got him.
That's perfect!
I've been shot. But by who?
Who did this? Who?
[contemplative music]
[Hajime sighs]
This feeling is taking me over.
I'm unable to resist it!
I absolutely love that
girl with the cat ears!
It's true, I love
her! I love her!
But, what about Mr. Poliman?
[grunts] No, I can't betray him.
I'm Mr. Poliman's servant,
I love Mr. Poliman!
I have to be loyal. [screams]
I'm so torn, Mr.
Poliman! Can you help me?
[Mirai] What's going on?
Excuse me?
[Hajime] I am Mr.
Poliman's loyal servant.
But, but,
[sighs] but I just can't
resist that girl.
That girl! My love for
her grows and grows!
[Mirai] I think something's
happening outside, but why?
All they have to do is wait.
They have an
overwhelming advantage.
I don't understand.
If they were going to
make some kind of move,
wouldn't it just be to kill us?
Why the delay? Damn it.
There must be a way we
can get out of this.
[Mukaido gasping]
[Mukaido] I'm sorry Aya, Nanaka.
This is not how I
expected things to end.
I'm blessed.
I get to die surrounded
by the family I love.
There's no greater happiness.
Heck, there's even
an old song about it.
It goes something like,
"You mustn't die before me,
even one day later
would be much better."
I know that's selfish but
you understand, right?
[Aya] As a matter
of fact, I don't.
You don't, huh?
Promise me something, seriously.
That might be hard.
I don't have much time left.
I don't know if I
can give up smoking.
--Promise you won't give up.
--Uh?
I want you to
demonstrate to Nanaka
and to the child I'm carrying
that you're someone who
didn't give up on life.
A man who kept on fighting
until the very end.
[Mukaido] [gasps] I'm
not going to die here!
If my death means
they'll all be killed,
then I can't die like this.
I'll fight until my last breath
to keep that from happening!
[gentle music]
[Hajime moaning]
What's going on, Hajime?
Why aren't you saying anything?
I thought I was clear.
I told you to only contact me
if the prisoners stopped moving
or if anything
important changed.
So, which is it?
He's right, I'm messing
this up, big-time.
I'm still Mr. Poliman's servant!
I have a report.
The truth is...
[Hajime gasps]
[Saki shushes]
[gasps] She's so cute!
[Saki] I have to make him
fall head over heels for me
and I have to make him
believe I love him back.
[Hajime moaning]
[Metropoliman] What's
the matter now, Hajime?
[Hajime] I love her.
[upbeat music]
Love? I love her?
--This is love.
--[upbeat music]
--Amazing. I'm in love!
[closing theme music]
[graphics clanging]